docs: add section elaborating on signed transactions for chch/watcher (#550)
omisego/plasma-contracts: plasma_framework/docs/integration-docs/integration-doc.md

outputData ::= undefined, to be defined by concrete transaction types
txData ::= undefined, to be defined by concrete transaction types
metaData ::= bytes32
```

The current implementation supports only the `Payment` transaction type.

Support for additional transaction types, such as ERC721, is reserved for future development.

### Signed transaction format (child chain and watcher only)
A note on encoding of signed transactions (transactions including witnesses) when handled in the [child chain and watcher implementations](github.com/omisego/elixir-omg).

Signed transactions are:

```
signedTransaction ::= [signature] rawTransaction
```

Where
```

> signatures ::= bytes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
signature ::= bytes
```

rawTransaction ::= transaction
```

and are transferred and stored RLP-encoded.

Child chain and watcher both expect, for a signed transaction to be valid, that:

>  - every input corresponds to a signature by the respective output's owner (`outputGuard`)

Reviewer: I think this makes more sense (but feel free to keep the original)
```suggestion
 - every input has a corresponding signature by the respective output's owner (`outputGuard`)
```
